Tell users how to report inappropriate content (#1142)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: README.md

The GOV.UK Prototype Kit is maintained by the Government Digital Service. If you’ve got a question or need support you can:

* email [govuk-design-system-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk](mailto:govuk-design-system-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk)

> * [get in touch on Slack](slack://channel?team=T04V6EBTR&amp;id=C0647LW4R)

Author: ```suggestion
* [get in touch on Slack](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/app_redirect?channel=prototype-kit)
```

* [view known issues on GitHub](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/issues)

## Contributing

If you’ve got an idea or suggestion, you can:

> * [get in touch on the developer Slack channel](slack://channel?team=T04V6EBTR&amp;id=C0E1063DW)

Author: ```suggestion
* [get in touch on the developer Slack channel](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/app_redirect?channel=prototype-kit-dev)
```
